It suits you, yes,
You kid is a little careless.
He was the one who killed us back then.
Speaking of which, we are confused and should not decide.
When he was an official in Qingyang, he was not a brother yet.
I am afraid that instead of being brothers, we will become brothers.
I'm afraid that we will buy it in the back of Qingyangguan.
Unexpectedly, this matter made my junior brother,
The days are long and the master's hand is gone.
Later, Youzhongzhong came to his senses.
Fortunately we retaliate.
From then on, he disappeared in the village,
Unexpectedly.
He quarreled with you again
Why did he want to harm you? These things?
In fact, it's also our fault
Back then, we were just trying to protect ourselves.
Just a drum kit
We didn't kill anyone
Why are you talking so deeply to us?
Met me before
The body of the disabled rider
You just wrote
There is Sun Jing
We also made our own choices
You asked me before
did you kill him
Now I tell you that I know it, do you know it?
Anchu, where did we meet you?
I heard it said before that it was from the back up and then up.
Then think carefully about it
Where is the back part?
After that, tens of thousands of people did it, and the soldiers swirled.
Let’s see you in the UK
this is impossible